 Hi. It's Felipe here. 
Welcome to the reuse city online co-design lab.

Today is Tuesday, 6th of April, 2021. The lab is scheduled to run for the next four weeks, until the last Friday of the month.

You may be wondering... what exactly is an online co-design lab?

Well, to be honest I don't have a very concrete answer to that question.
 I hope we can build it together. As a community.

You see, even though this whole exercise is part of my individual PhD research in the OpenDoTT
 project, I also have objectives beyond the academic ones.

I truly believe that the world of humans should find ways to increase the reuse of goods and
 materials. There's no way to think of cleaner futures if we don't deal with the amount of
 waste being produced everyday.

If you are here, I think you're not surprised to hear that recycling, landfilling and
 incinerating are not enough - and won't be for the foreseeable future.

We must find ways to make the best use of things that have already been manufactured and are out
 in the world. And to me the best way to explore that possibility is by working together with
 people who are already actively doing that. As well as those who would want to be active and may  
 find this to be a good opportunity.

So, how do we start the lab? I will share with you how I see that unfolding, and would love to hear
 back from you about how that resonates.

My expectation is to use the lab mainly to grow a community that will connect, discuss, brainstorm and experiment  with ideas about the reuse of materials in local contexts.

The first thing I'll do then is to ask those of you who have already signed up or subscribed how
 we should communicate as a group. There are so many tools today, that it's even hard to decide how to start this kind of collective conversation. I'm aware that consensus
 will be hard to reach, but will try my best to find something that contemplates as many participants
 as possible. Possibly I will create other ways to communicate for those who do not want to engage in this collective / community environment.

Still this week, I will also explain where I am coming from, what I did in previous phases
 of research, and the ideas I am currently working on.

Finally, on the Friday 9th of April we will have the first online workshop. Friday is also the
 IoTday organised by the IoT council. I find that a good opportunity to share those parts
 of my research that intersect with sensors, data and other tech stuff. I am fully aware, and I think you and I agree
 that technology will not solve the issues we are addressing. But it can be a way to start
 the conversation and to expose issues of knowledge, work and power that are behind the reuse of things.

Over the coming weeks, we will have the opportunity to meet other times, and to create together and
 hopefully start prototyping and planning for the future.

I hope to have you all onboard. Obviously, feel free to invite other people you think might  be interested in joining this lab. Or this community.

I must also make a note:

In order to join the workshops, I need you to sign up the consent form upon reading the
 participant information sheet. This is a requirement to comply with Northumbria University's Ethics regulations and protect your data and participation.

If you haven't done so yet, please hop to the website at make.reuse.city and sign up. You can find the online form, or else download the PDF files, date and sign them to send me via email.

That's it for today, thank you for your interest and let's try do these things together.
