# Meeting - 13.04.2021

## Notes

One participant.

![20210413-call.jpg]

- DWAM - "doing with available materials"
- Systems view. Energy flows.
- Taking a situation and optimising what you have
- Geologists - deep history

### Access to tools

- Get used to a tools - how can I use it, how not to get injured. Break point: coming to trust the tool and one's own abilities.
- I look at an object and can think of 10 ways to change it.
- Grandpa's toolbox. Dad's workshop. Follow directions, but also free access. Only control: return tools to where they came from.
- Sandboxing. Coming to play. Play space. With too much control, there's no play.

### Speculating

- Collective database / machine learning
- Human knowledge - rooted in long term experience. Interface with meatspace.
- What data to capture, how to capture it and how to return it.
- Education
- Dialogue
- Facilitate initial conditions - set up conditions of trust
- Tech situation is always embedded in the social - technosocial
- An app has so many linkages, is so embedded in the techno-industrial systems. Mistrustfulness.
- Idea: have the app on its own device. Pull the device out of the infrastructure.
- Trust can not be rooted in the technical. Human, face to face. Dealing with other human beings. Rooted in real world situations.
- Systems view: keywording is essential. Keyword cloud allows to move into an information space.
- (FF Note: a dataset...) is never finished.
- Reduction. The map won't be the territory. (FF Note: Borges' [The Congress](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Congress_(short_story)) always comes to mind.)
- An app. You pick up a tool, the app gives you solutions and directions. How to fork this thing. Here's a user story. (FF Note: I had not thought before of using an app to bring info about tools, only objects that could be transformed by tools)
