# Repair

### [The Timeliness of Repair](https://web.archive.org/web/20200716125108/http://www.continentcontinent.cc/index.php/continent/article/view/280), Continent.cc  Issue 6.1 / 2017: 51-55 

_Lara Houston_

> I draw on this productive generalisation to sketch some dominant temporal figurations of repair. The term “repair” comes from the Old French word “reparer”, and the Latin word “reparare”. The prefix “re” means “back” and the root “parare” to “make ready”. In repair we are bringing objects back to readiness. Repair restores degrees of past capacity for present and future use. This reflexive temporal tension is written into the heart of the term. However, in situations where objects are taken as ontologically stable and breakdown is exceptional, repair emphasises returning objects to a prior functionality. Repair as “return” means moving back along a linear conception of time. But to think about repair (and the world) in this way is to obscure the complex forms of change - and their temporal unfolding - that both lead to breakdown and are enacted through repair work.
> In contrast, in this paper I explore a notion of repair built around differentiation. In doing so, I build on two bodies of literature that have profoundly challenged the role and status of material objects in the social world. Actor network theory and its aftermath has emphasised emergent networks of associations and hybrid relations between actors and agencies achieving only partial and temporary stabilities as objects.[1] Material culture studies and feminist new materialism(s) have underscored the processual character of materials, which in their state of flux always exceed stable object positions or signifiers.[2] 
> Understanding repair as differentiation foregrounds the temporal dimension of this processual unfolding of socio-material change. It attunes us to the specific forms of change that occur at particular times and places – to particular things – rather than foregrounding the reproduction of social and material order. Repair as differentiation makes temporal horizons of breakdown and repair visible, adding depth and nuance by showing the huge range of processes involved in decay, fracture and failure that might otherwise be dissolved in the category (or state) of breakdown. These are consequential in how we organize to sustain our world, particularly in an age where ecological limits are unmistakeable. Differentiation also reveals the creative, inventive and innovative work that happens in the process of fixing, across human and non-human bodies. Repair sites can recover the ways that technologies are sustained (or not) in particular places through different cultures and economies of repair that incorporate their own senses of timeliness. Differentiation generates remainders, fragments and trajectories that may not be contained in the neatened stories of return.

## [Repair-scapes](https://web.archive.org/web/20200718124728/http://www.continentcontinent.cc/index.php/continent/article/view/281), Continent.cc Issue 6.1 / 2017: 56-61 

_Josh Lepawsky, Max Liboiron, Arn Keeling, Charles Mather_

> In the repair practices we have described, the significance of space becomes apparent.  Most obviously, our cases of repair involve the transformation of space: streetscapes are transformed to foster the repair of objects and to make new connections between people and places; contaminated landscapes are literally reassembled; rivers are stitched up with ladders to allow for salmon reproduction; and new laboratory sites are constructed to repair the focus of scientific inquiry. In this way, our work stresses the significant relationship that exists between repair practices and space - these are our repair-scapes.

(...)

> Understood in this way, repair-scapes are sites where relation-making practices work to sustain the very possibility of spatial and temporal continuity, or its disruption. These relation-making practices do not happen in space, they constitute and make these spaces. Repair practices in Lima make gendered spaces. Ladders in rivers make healthy reproductive spaces. Yet, since they are a product of diverse relations that are in dynamic flux, repair-scapes are always characterised by multiplicity and they are never static. They are always under construction. New relations can be established and sustained, or they may falter and break down.
