# [reuse city] lab update - 27.04.2021

Hi city reusers,

Following a number of fantastic meetings and productive exchanges during this month, we arrive at the last week of what I initially proposed as the period for the (first?) reuse city lab. 

At a certain moment some days ago I could already envision a future seminar taking shape, as well as cooperation between initiatives and individuals in different parts of the world happening through reuse.city (by the way, some of you should be in contact right now, I'll connect you in private).

Is a community growing here? Or is this all redundant and we'd better occupy conferences and other communities already active? I leave that question open for all of us to reflect, and welcome feedback on it.

In the coming days I'll be busy on the inner workings of the physical prototype of[ E-I](../../prototypes/E-I/README.md). In parallel with the reuse city lab, I've been attending a training module on open hardware offered by one of the OpenDoTT consortium members and should have something to show pretty soon. I'll ask for your feedback on it.

I'm also preparing for an important meeting next week when I'll present my PhD progress so far (here's a [blog post](http://is.efeefe.me/opendott/interim) I just wrote about it). And if I find time, I still expect to visit one local initiative here in Berlin that resembles some of the characteristics of the reuse centres we've been discussing in our meetings.

The floor is still open to those of you willing to present your work or propose other activities. I would love to see our friends who are running a project in different parts of Africa; and my friend from France who was planning to present last week but wasn't feeling well. Please reply to this message if you want to propose a session.

I suggest we meet again this Friday for a final round, to share impressions and hopefully discuss future plans. It is practically impossible to cover all of our timezones, so I'll propose Friday 30th, 17h Berlin (CEST) for a call. But I'll make myself available 11h in the morning on Friday as well, if any of you who live in the future would like to meet for a chat.

That's it for now. I feel there's a lot we can do together, and hope to keep that going. Let me know what you think about it all.

Best regards,

Felipe Schmidt Fonseca
https://make.reuse.city
https://opendott.org