# reuse city lab update - 15.04.21

Good morning, everyone

The lab is gradually taking its own shape. Despite a slight confusion regarding timezones, we have had a couple of calls so far, and will plan more activities for the coming weeks. My special thanks to those of you who managed to join the calls. You're giving valuable contributions to this study.

## Call for presentations on reuse

I know some of you (should I name a few? I think I'll contact you in private) have practical experience about reuse, repair and upcycling. I want to invite you to present that experience to the others next week. 

You can choose a time slot between the 19th and the 23rd of April to present your work to us all. Or you can prepare a presentation, send it around at a specific point in time and get comments from the others. If you happen to have a presentation already recorded that can contribute to discussions about reuse in cities and regions, you can send that as well. 

I'll be sending a call to the participants' email discussion list suggesting how we can structure that. If you are reading this message and is not yet on the participants' mailing list, make sure to sign up filling the consent form at https://make.reuse.city/ .

## Next steps

Besides making space for this community to grow (how am I doing, BTW? let me know), my particular objective towards the end of this month is to get a little deeper in discussions about two or three concept ideas I have been working with on my research. They are: universal registry of things, evaluation interfacing, and transformation labs. That's not to say we can't work collectively on other experiments (feel free to bring your own to the table). But my individual focus are those three. 

Early next week I will propose some ways to go about those, and hope to get your participation as well.

## Updates

- After receiving your feedback on how best to communicate, I have created a discussion list via e-mail. For now it is only available to those of you who signed up to the study, by filling the consent form. As the second preferred option was a group on Telegram, I have created one as well, and that is open to anyone reading this message. Join via this link (removed from the documentation).
- I have posted a second video fragment about the previous activities of my PhD research. It's about the design research studies I performed last year. You can watch it on [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjxS0yINdC8). Links to the other videos can be found [here](https://github.com/reuse-city/lab/tree/main/communication/videos).
- Documentation about the lab is being refactored and kept in [this repository](https://github.com/reuse-city/lab/). Feel free to navigate, and let me know if you want to be added to the repository.
- I'll try to post quicker updates on [twitter](https://twitter.com/reuse_city) as well.
- I sent this already in the Telegram group, but to everyone there - here's a [collection of bookmarks](https://links.efeefe.me/?searchtags=opendott) related to my research interests (repair, reuse, smart cities, zero waste, recycling and other topics).