# reuse city lab update - 12.04.21

Good Monday, everyone

As we start the second week of reuse city co-design lab, here is a quick update on what happened so far and the plans for the near future.

If you have just arrived here, please have a look at the [previous updates I sent](https://github.com/reuse-city/lab/tree/main/communication/updates).

## First session

Last Friday, four of us attended a first meeting. It was a good conversation, connecting people from very diverse contexts (taking me asa Brazilian, there were four continents represented). I made (very sparse) notes on this [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lKnMSCk=/).

## Sessions this week

About 20 people signed up for the lab, and this week I plan to have three alternatives to make sure those of you in different timezones can find a chance to engage. My first suggestion is this, all based on my own Berlin timezone (Central European Summer Time, CEST):

- 13.04.2021, Tuesday, 18h
- 14.04.2021, Wednesday, 10h
- 16.04.2021, Friday, 15h

I am somewhat flexible around those time slots, so feel free to suggest to move any of them one hour earlier or later - but please do so ASAP so everyone can stay in the loop. I'll send the calendar invites to everyone who signed up using the form. If you haven't done that yet, check it out on https://make.reuse.city or ask me to send you the PDF forms via email.

## Contribute this week

Before this week's sessions, or even in parallel if you are not able to join in, I would like you to tell the others and myself what kinds of structures or social/cultural practices for the reuse of materials you see in your own context.

For instance, in the neighbourhood where I live in Berlin, people will often leave clothes, furniture and appliances to be donated practically everywhere. At the lobby of a residential building, in front of one's home, at a park or in the donation points present in many streets. Is this kind of practice common where you live? Or else, do you know of something similar in another city or town?

As well as sharing and talking about those stories, I want also to learn more about what kind of selection takes place. Do people give away things to strangers, or only among friends and family? And particularly for the purposes of the lab: how decisions about where and how to treat materials are made? Who are the people making that call? What is their background? What are their challenges? Could they get more effective if something was different?

As some of you already know, I want to explore the idea of expanding the ability to assess and decide whether objects and materials can be repaired or transformed, if it has value in second-hand markets, etc. Identifying that in action is very important.

I'm looking forward to this week's meetings, and hope to talk to all of you.

## Content

I apologise for the potential redundancy, but have you had the chance to watch the videos I posted last week? The [first one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2pt18kbZis) was a simple welcome to the lab, but with the [second](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMFH11Sxi_M) I tried to start describing previous stages of my research. I also mention two publications that helped me approach smart cities from a critical perspective:

- [Rethinking the Smart City: Democratizing Urban Technology](https://rosalux.nyc/rethinking-the-smart-city-democratizing-urban-technology/)
- [Some Thoughts...](https://some-thoughts.org/)

In the coming days I hope to publish one or two more videos, describing the design research studies I performed in the first year to deepen my understanding of the field; as well as the concept ideas I came up with which were based on those studies.

## Communication

As you know, all of this is also an attempt to grow an international and creative community. And there is no community without communication. For that reason I asked you last week about your preferences about communication tools. The two most voted options were an e-mail discussion list and a group on Telegram. I will create both of those instances and send invites soon.

I have also created a [new repository on GitHub](https://github.com/reuse-city/lab) to store documentation and keep track of notes and tasks. If you want to contribute, let me know if you run into any trouble there. I will be moving this week some bits of documentation I was keeping elsewhere.

---
